Create hackathon-planning.md (#76)
aphrc-dswb/dswb-open-science-capacity-wg: ways-of-working/hackathon-guide.md

Regardless of the diversity in hackathon outcomes, at DSWB, we have a template to enable organisers to ensure that Participants are adequately accommodated and informed about the hackathon processes.

Some of the documents we use are our Participant Agreement template and our Code of Conduct.

## Participant Agreement:

```{note}
This page displays the [`hackathon-participant-agreement.md`](https://github.com/aphrc-dswb/dswb-open-science-capacity-wg/blob/Preshh0-patch-12/ways-of-working/hackathon-participant-agreement.md), a base file with the Participant Agreement template for hackathons within DSWB.
```

## Code of Conduct:

```{note}
This page displays the [`hackathon-coc.md`](https://github.com/aphrc-dswb/dswb-open-science-capacity-wg/blob/Preshh0-patch-12/ways-of-working/hackathon-coc.md), a base file with the Code of Conduct template for hackathons within DSWB.
```

## Case Studies

> You can find niche hackathon guidelines by members of the Data Science Without Borders (DSWB) Project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find hackathon guidelines for prior hackathons hosted by members of the Data Science Without Borders (DSWB) Project:
```
